### Auction House
Auctions are among the oldest economic institutions in place and they are still in use. In this dissertation, we explore the efficiency of common auctions when values are interdependent. The value to a particular bidder may depend on information available only to others and asymmetric. In this setting, it is well known that sealed-bid auctions do not achieve efficient allocations in general since they do not allow the information held by different bidders to be shared. With the point and click of the mouse, one may bid on an item they may need or just want, and in moments they find that either they are the top bidder or someone else wants it more, and you’re outbid! , while meeting the needs of its users.  Online Auction System project is used to bid from the comfort of ones owns preferred place has seen a change like never seen before. Online Auction System provides the complete information related to products for sale and the buyers can bid for the products and can own them all this has to be provided. Sellers want a place where seller can sale their products at a higher price and get maximum benefit out of that. The people always want different things to purchase but in the local market they can have local products only but in this application buyer can buy any product from any part of the world at a very best competitive price and own the product.

Please refer **Areport.docx** for documentation.

**Tools Used :** Web Development using JSP, MySQL, Netbeans IDE , SQLyog
**Start Date :** November 2019 **End Date :** April 2020
